docs(store-devtools): Added documentation for new extension options for Store Devtools (#1533)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/store-devtools/config.md

# Instrumentation options

When you call the instrumentation, you can give an optional configuration object. As stated, each property in the object provided is optional.

## Configuration Object Properties

### `maxAge`

number (>1) | `false` - maximum allowed actions to be stored in the history tree. The oldest actions are removed once maxAge is reached. It's critical for performance. Default is `false` (infinite).

### `logOnly`

boolean - connect to the Devtools Extension in log-only mode. Default is `false` which enables all extension [features](https://github.com/zalmoxisus/redux-devtools-extension/blob/master/docs/API/Arguments.md#features).

### `name`

> string - the instance name to be showed on the monitor page. Default value is NgRx Store DevTools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
string - the instance name to show on the monitor page. Default value is _NgRx Store DevTools_.
```

### `monitor`

function - the monitor function configuration that you want to hook.

### `actionSanitizer`

> function - takes `action` object and id number as arguments, and should return `action` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function - takes `action` object and id number as arguments, and should return an `action` object.
```

### `stateSanitizer`

> function - takes `state` object and index as arguments, and should return `state` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function - takes `state` object and index as arguments, and should return a `state` object.
```

### `serialize`

- options

>   - undefined - will use regular JSON.stringify to send data (it's the fast mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `undefined` - will use the regular `JSON.stringify` to send data
```

What is meant with  `(it's the fast mode)`?

Reviewer: I agree 👍

>   - false - will handle also circular references

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `false` - will handle also circular references
```

>   - true - will handle also date, regex, undefined, primitives, error objects, symbols, maps, sets and functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `true` - will handle also dates, regexes, undefined, primitives, error objects, symbols, maps, sets and functions
```

>   - object - which contains date, regex, undefined, nan, infinity, error, symbol, map, set and function keys. For each of them you can indicate if to include (by setting as true). For function key you can also specify a custom function which handles serialization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - object - which contains `date`, `regex`, `undefined`, `nan`, `infinity`, `error`, `symbol`, `map`, `set` and `function` keys. For each of them, you can indicate if they have to be included by setting them to `true`. For function keys, you can also specify a custom function which handles serialization.
```

Something like this? 🤔

For more detailed information see [Redux DevTools Serialize](https://github.com/zalmoxisus/redux-devtools-extension/blob/master/docs/API/Arguments.md#serialize)

### `actionsBlacklist` / `actionsWhitelist`

array of strings as regex - actions types to be hidden / shown in the monitors, [more information here](https://github.com/zalmoxisus/redux-devtools-extension/blob/master/docs/API/Arguments.md#actionsblacklist--actionswhitelist).

### `predicate`

function - called for every action before sending, takes state and action object, and returns `true` in case it allows sending the current data to the monitor, [more information here](https://github.com/zalmoxisus/redux-devtools-extension/blob/master/docs/API/Arguments.md#predicate).

### `features`

configuration object - containing properties for features than can be enabled or disabled in the browser extension Redux DevTools. These options are passed through to the browser extension verbatim. By default, all features are enabled. For more information visit the [Redux DevTools Docs](https://github.com/zalmoxisus/redux-devtools-extension/blob/master/docs/API/Arguments.md#features)

```typescript

> features: {

Reviewer 2: Fix indention for spacing

    pause: true, // start/pause recording of dispatched actions
    lock: true, // lock/unlock dispatching actions and side effects    
    persist: true, // persist states on page reloading
    export: true, // export history of actions in a file
    import: 'custom', // import history of actions from a file
    jump: true, // jump back and forth (time travelling)
    skip: true, // skip (cancel) actions
    reorder: true, // drag and drop actions in the history list 
    dispatch: true, // dispatch custom actions or action creators
    test: true // generate tests for the selected actions
},
```

## Example Object as provided in module imports

> <code-example header="app.module.ts">

Reviewer 2: Fix indention for spacing
